if there arises among you a prophet or a
if there arises among you a prophet or a dreamer of dreams and he gives you a
dreamer of dreams and he gives you a
dreamer of dreams and he gives you a sign or a wonder and the sign or the
sign or a wonder and the sign or the
sign or a wonder and the sign or the wonder comes two paths of which he spoke
wonder comes two paths of which he spoke
wonder comes two paths of which he spoke to you saying let us go after other gods
to you saying let us go after other gods
to you saying let us go after other gods which you have not known and let us
which you have not known and let us
which you have not known and let us serve them you shall not listen to the
serve them you shall not listen to the
serve them you shall not listen to the words of that prophet or that dreamer of
words of that prophet or that dreamer of
words of that prophet or that dreamer of dreams for the Lord your God is testing
dreams for the Lord your God is testing
dreams for the Lord your God is testing you to know whether you love the Lord
you to know whether you love the Lord
you to know whether you love the Lord your garden with all your heart and with
your garden with all your heart and with
your garden with all your heart and with all your soul
all your soul
all your soul you shall walk after the Lord your God
you shall walk after the Lord your God
you shall walk after the Lord your God and fear him and keep his Commandments
and fear him and keep his Commandments
and fear him and keep his Commandments and obey his voice you shall serve Him
and obey his voice you shall serve Him
and obey his voice you shall serve Him and hold fast to him but that prophet or
and hold fast to him but that prophet or
and hold fast to him but that prophet or that dreamer of dreams shall be put to
that dreamer of dreams shall be put to
that dreamer of dreams shall be put to death because he has spoken in order to
death because he has spoken in order to
death because he has spoken in order to turn you away from the Lord your God who
turn you away from the Lord your God who
turn you away from the Lord your God who brought you out of the land of Egypt and
brought you out of the land of Egypt and
brought you out of the land of Egypt and redeemed you from the house of bondage
redeemed you from the house of bondage
redeemed you from the house of bondage to entice you from the way in which the
to entice you from the way in which the
to entice you from the way in which the Lord your God commanded you to walk so
Lord your God commanded you to walk so
Lord your God commanded you to walk so you shall put away the evil from your
you shall put away the evil from your
you shall put away the evil from your midst if your brother the son of your
midst if your brother the son of your
midst if your brother the son of your mother your son or your daughter the
mother your son or your daughter the
mother your son or your daughter the wife of your bosom or your friend who is
wife of your bosom or your friend who is
wife of your bosom or your friend who is as your own soul secretly entices you
as your own soul secretly entices you
as your own soul secretly entices you saying let us go and serve other gods
saying let us go and serve other gods
saying let us go and serve other gods which you have not known
which you have not known
which you have not known neither you nor your father's of the
neither you nor your father's of the
neither you nor your father's of the gods of the people which are all around
gods of the people which are all around
gods of the people which are all around you near to you or far off from you from
you near to you or far off from you from
you near to you or far off from you from one end of the earth to the other end of
one end of the earth to the other end of
one end of the earth to the other end of the earth you shall not consent to him
the earth you shall not consent to him
the earth you shall not consent to him or listen to him nor shall your I pity
or listen to him nor shall your I pity
or listen to him nor shall your I pity hidden nor shall you spare him or
hidden nor shall you spare him or
hidden nor shall you spare him or conceal him but you shall surely kill
conceal him but you shall surely kill
conceal him but you shall surely kill him your hand shall be first against him
him your hand shall be first against him
him your hand shall be first against him to put him to death and afterward the
to put him to death and afterward the
to put him to death and afterward the hand of all of the people and you shall
hand of all of the people and you shall
hand of all of the people and you shall stone him with stones until he dies
stone him with stones until he dies
stone him with stones until he dies because he sought to entice you away
because he sought to entice you away
because he sought to entice you away from the Lord your God who brought you
from the Lord your God who brought you
from the Lord your God who brought you out of the land of Egypt from the house
out of the land of Egypt from the house
out of the land of Egypt from the house of bondage so all Israel shall hear and
of bondage so all Israel shall hear and
of bondage so all Israel shall hear and fear and not again do such wickedness as
fear and not again do such wickedness as
fear and not again do such wickedness as this among you if you hear someone in
this among you if you hear someone in
this among you if you hear someone in one of your cities which the Lord your
one of your cities which the Lord your
one of your cities which the Lord your God gives you to dwell in saying corrupt
God gives you to dwell in saying corrupt
God gives you to dwell in saying corrupt men have gone out from among you and
men have gone out from among you and
men have gone out from among you and entice the inhabitants of their City
entice the inhabitants of their City
entice the inhabitants of their City saying let us go and serve other gods
saying let us go and serve other gods
saying let us go and serve other gods which you
which you
which you have not known then you shall inquire
have not known then you shall inquire
have not known then you shall inquire search out and ask diligently and if it
search out and ask diligently and if it
search out and ask diligently and if it is indeed true and certain that such an
is indeed true and certain that such an
is indeed true and certain that such an abomination was committed among you you
abomination was committed among you you
abomination was committed among you you shall surely strike the inhabitants of
shall surely strike the inhabitants of
shall surely strike the inhabitants of that city with the edge of the sword
that city with the edge of the sword
that city with the edge of the sword utterly destroying it all that is in it
utterly destroying it all that is in it
utterly destroying it all that is in it and its livestock with the edge of the
and its livestock with the edge of the
and its livestock with the edge of the sword and you shall gather all its
sword and you shall gather all its
sword and you shall gather all its plunder into the middle of the street
plunder into the middle of the street
plunder into the middle of the street and completely burn with fire the city
and completely burn with fire the city
and completely burn with fire the city and all its plunder for the Lord your
and all its plunder for the Lord your
and all its plunder for the Lord your God it shall be a heap for ever it shall
God it shall be a heap for ever it shall
God it shall be a heap for ever it shall not be built again so none of the
not be built again so none of the
not be built again so none of the accursed things shall remain in your
accursed things shall remain in your
accursed things shall remain in your hand that the Lord may turn from the
hand that the Lord may turn from the
hand that the Lord may turn from the fierceness of his anger and show you
fierceness of his anger and show you
fierceness of his anger and show you mercy have compassion on you and
mercy have compassion on you and
mercy have compassion on you and multiply you
multiply you
multiply you just as he swore to your father's
just as he swore to your father's
just as he swore to your father's because you have listened to the voice
because you have listened to the voice
because you have listened to the voice of the Lord your God to keep all his
of the Lord your God to keep all his
of the Lord your God to keep all his commandments which I command you today
commandments which I command you today
commandments which I command you today to do what is right in the eyes of the
to do what is right in the eyes of the
to do what is right in the eyes of the Lord your God